Azure Function support for Event Grid event subscription (#7182)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/eventgrid_event_subscription.html.markdown

---

An `azure_function_endpoint` supports the following:

> * `id` - (Required) Specifies the Azure Resource ID that represents the endpoint of the Azure function where the Event Subscription will receive events.

Reviewer: we intentionally avoid the phrase `Resource ID` in Terraform since it's ambiguous (and Azure:TF doesn't always map 1:1) - could we make this:

```suggestion
* `id` - (Required) Specifies the ID of the Function App where the Event Subscription will receive events.
```

Author: Ok. But with the term `Function` instead of `Function App`, as this must be referenced here.
